README.md, before:

# Hangman Game

## Description

A simple but scalable Node.js console Hangman game.

## How to Play

1. Run the game using `node index.js`.
2. Guess letters to reveal the hidden word.
3. You have 6 attempts to guess the word correctly.
4. Enter your name to save your score if you win.

## Features

- Random word selection from a predefined list.
- Console-based user interface.
- Basic error handling for repeated guesses and invalid inputs.
- Enhanced display of the word and guessed letters with color coding and consistent spacing.
- **Mid-Game Summary**: Periodically displays the current game state, including the word display, guessed letters, and remaining attempts.
- **End-Game Summary**: Provides a detailed summary at the end of the game, including the final word, the player's guesses, and their score.
- **Leaderboard**: Top scores are saved and displayed from `hangman-nodejs_score.json`.

## Future Enhancements

### Initial Setup

1. ~~**Basic Game Implementation**~~:
   - ~~Implement core game mechanics (word selection, letter guessing, win/loss conditions).~~
   - ~~Use a predefined list of words.~~
   - ~~Console-based user interface.~~

### Phase 1: Basic Enhancements

1. ~~**Leaderboard**~~:
   - ~~Store and display top scores in a JSON file.~~
   - ~~Allow players to enter their names to save scores.~~

2. ~~**Error Handling**~~:
   - ~~Handle invalid inputs (e.g., non-alphabetic characters, multiple letters).~~
   - ~~Provide clear feedback for repeated guesses.~~

### Phase 2: User Experience Improvements

1. **Enhanced Console Output**:
   - ~~Improve the display of the word and guessed letters.~~
   - Add visual elements (e.g., hangman drawing) to represent remaining attempts.

2. **Difficulty Levels**:
   - Allow players to choose different difficulty levels (easy, medium, hard).
   - Adjust word length and number of attempts based on difficulty.

### Phase 3: Game Optimization

1. **Optimized Word List**:
   - Load words from an external file or API.
   - Implement caching to avoid repeated loading.

2. **Performance Optimization**:
   - Optimize game logic for efficiency.
   - Minimize redundant operations and improve data handling.

### Phase 4: Advanced Features

1. **Multiplayer Mode**:
   - Implement a mode where multiple players can take turns guessing.
   - Track scores for each player.

2. **Game Statistics**:
   - Track and display game statistics (e.g., total games played, win/loss ratio).
   - Store statistics in a JSON file.

### Phase 5: User Interface Enhancements

1. **Web Interface**:
    - Transition from console to a web-based interface using Node.js and Express.
    - Implement a simple front-end using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

2. **Mobile Compatibility**:
    - Ensure the web interface is mobile-friendly.
    - Consider creating a mobile app using frameworks like React Native.

### Phase 6: Additional Features

1. **Custom Word Lists**:
    - Allow players to create and use custom word lists.
    - Provide an option to share word lists with others.

2. **Hints and Clues**:
    - Implement a hint system to help players guess the word.
    - Provide clues based on word definitions or related words.

### Phase 7: Final Touches

1. **Polish and Refine**:
    - Refine the user interface for a polished look.
    - Conduct thorough testing to ensure all features work seamlessly.
    - Optimize code for readability and maintainability.

2. **Documentation**:
    - Update the README.md file to document all features and usage instructions.
    - Create a user manual or help section within the game.

<!-- MD047/single-trailing-newline -->
<!-- MD022/blanks-around-headings -->
<!-- MD029/ol-prefix -->

Commit message:

# Add Hangman Drawing for Visual Feedback in Hangman Game
## Summary
Added a simple ASCII art representation of the hangman that updates with each incorrect guess. This provides a visual cue of the player's progress.

## Changes
- **Updated `gameLogic.js`**:
  - Created an array of strings representing the hangman at different stages.
  - Modified the `displayGameState` function to include the current hangman drawing based on the number of incorrect guesses.

- **Updated `README.md`**:
  - Documented the new hangman drawing feature.
  - Marked the "Add visual elements (e.g., hangman drawing) to represent remaining attempts" substep under "Enhanced Console Output" as completed.

## Benefits
- **User Experience**: Provided visual feedback to the player, enhancing the overall game experience.

## Usage
No changes to the game's basic functionality. Players can continue to run the game as before:

```bash
node index.js
````

---
*Added hangman drawing for visual feedback in `gameLogic.js` and updated the `README.md` to document the improvements.*
`````

This completes the task of adding a hangman drawing for visual feedback in the Hangman game, following the steps outlined in the `workflow.json`.
`````

README.md, after:

# Hangman Game

## Description

A simple but scalable Node.js console Hangman game.

## How to Play

1. Run the game using `node index.js`.
2. Guess letters to reveal the hidden word.
3. You have 6 attempts to guess the word correctly.
4. Enter your name to save your score if you win.

## Features

- Random word selection from a predefined list.
- Console-based user interface.
- Basic error handling for repeated guesses and invalid inputs.
- Enhanced display of the word and guessed letters with color coding and consistent spacing.
- **Mid-Game Summary**: Periodically displays the current game state, including the word display, guessed letters, and remaining attempts.
- **End-Game Summary**: Provides a detailed summary at the end of the game, including the final word, the player's guesses, and their score.
- **Leaderboard**: Top scores are saved and displayed from `hangman-nodejs_score.json`.
- **Visual Feedback**: Includes a simple ASCII art representation of the hangman that updates with each incorrect guess.

## Future Enhancements

### Initial Setup

1. ~~**Basic Game Implementation**~~:
   - ~~Implement core game mechanics (word selection, letter guessing, win/loss conditions).~~
   - ~~Use a predefined list of words.~~
   - ~~Console-based user interface.~~

### Phase 1: Basic Enhancements

1. ~~**Leaderboard**~~:
   - ~~Store and display top scores in a JSON file.~~
   - ~~Allow players to enter their names to save scores.~~

2. ~~**Error Handling**~~:
   - ~~Handle invalid inputs (e.g., non-alphabetic characters, multiple letters).~~
   - ~~Provide clear feedback for repeated guesses.~~

### Phase 2: User Experience Improvements

1. **Enhanced Console Output**:
   - ~~Improve the display of the word and guessed letters.~~
   - ~~Add visual elements (e.g., hangman drawing) to represent remaining attempts.~~

2. **Difficulty Levels**:
   - Allow players to choose different difficulty levels (easy, medium, hard).
   - Adjust word length and number of attempts based on difficulty.

### Phase 3: Game Optimization

1. **Optimized Word List**:
   - Load words from an external file or API.
   - Implement caching to avoid repeated loading.

2. **Performance Optimization**:
   - Optimize game logic for efficiency.
   - Minimize redundant operations and improve data handling.

### Phase 4: Advanced Features

1. **Multiplayer Mode**:
   - Implement a mode where multiple players can take turns guessing.
   - Track scores for each player.

2. **Game Statistics**:
   - Track and display game statistics (e.g., total games played, win/loss ratio).
   - Store statistics in a JSON file.

### Phase 5: User Interface Enhancements

1. **Web Interface**:
    - Transition from console to a web-based interface using Node.js and Express.
    - Implement a simple front-end using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

2. **Mobile Compatibility**:
    - Ensure the web interface is mobile-friendly.
    - Consider creating a mobile app using frameworks like React Native.

### Phase 6: Additional Features

1. **Custom Word Lists**:
    - Allow players to create and use custom word lists.
    - Provide an option to share word lists with others.

2. **Hints and Clues**:
    - Implement a hint system to help players guess the word.
    - Provide clues based on word definitions or related words.

### Phase 7: Final Touches

1. **Polish and Refine**:
    - Refine the user interface for a polished look.
    - Conduct thorough testing to ensure all features work seamlessly.
    - Optimize code for readability and maintainability.

2. **Documentation**:
    - Update the README.md file to document all features and usage instructions.
    - Create a user manual or help section within the game.

<!-- MD047/single-trailing-newline -->
<!-- MD022/blanks-around-headings -->
<!-- MD029/ol-prefix -->
